docs: Add metadata to future work pages (#590)
thousandbrainsproject/tbp.monty: docs/future-work/cmp-hierarchy-improvements/add-top-down-connections.md

---
title: Add Top-Down Connections

> description: Add top-down connectivity option between LMs that can inform the receiving LM of the sensed object ID and location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Add top-down connectivity option between LMs that can inform the receiving LM of the object ID and location it should likely be sensing.
```
